all three local brothers are taking the
art of snowman making to a whole new
level look at this for the third year
now Connor Trevor and Austin Bart's are
making a snow sculpture in their yard
and New Brighton every year they choose
to make an animal in water out of snow
past years they've made a puffer fish
and a walrus but this year when they're
making a shark we like to see people's
enjoyment and that we like to see people
smile take pictures and we also like to
uh spend time with each other yeah it's
good to have time with your brothers I
mean I know I'm around a lot but still
it's just fun to be doing something with
unproductive and then just working as a
team to complete a big project that you
know it would be basically impossible to
do on your own very cool guys the
brothers say it's taken them 90 hours so
far after starting on December 3rd and
if it survived the day yes it'll get to
tomorrow and be laut RAL for what was
perfection because the snow was sticky
and yeah and now it's going to get so
cold that thing will be the freeze solid
yeah right